Dr. Nb发现时间飞跃的关键是时间循环。

通过接触时间奇点，可以进入时间循环，但是在时间循环中无法轻易逃脱。

根据Dr. Nb的研究， 时间循环其实与地球的自转和公转有着异曲同工之处。

在时间循环中，每一段的循环都自己构成一个环状的时间带，同时在宏观尺度上，就像地球的公转，很多个环状时间带围绕着时间奇点同样构成了一个闭环。

原本按照时间循环的规律一次次的走在时间循环里就永远也无法打破循环离开。

但是如同地球的自转和公转的周期不完全相同形成了闰年，时间循环存在这样的问题。

原本的时间循环中，6个环状时间带刚好构成一个完整的时间循环。 但是如果以比单个环状时间带的周期更快的速度冲出环状时间带就能在两个时间带中间获得一个时间裂隙。

在两个时间带闭合之前，冲出时间带会被冻结在两个时间带之间，直到他们闭合。时间在他们闭合前不会流逝，也就是说两个环状时间带之间的时间裂隙是时间之外。

在时间之外没有时间的流动，所以速度会留在这里。 

当一个完整的时间循环结束，之前累计的所有速度可以在没有时间尺度的情况下累加。当下一次时间循环开始之时累加的速度会得到一次释放。

根据Dr. Nb的理论，累计的速度超过时间逃逸速度时就可以冲破时间循环回到正常的时间线。

同时，累计的速度超过时间逃逸速度的差值，会改变成在正常时间线的回溯。换句话讲，就是回到过去，实现时间飞跃。

Leap Bycycle 是Dr. Nb发明的用于在环状时间带突破时间周期的装置。通过跑的速度很难超越环状时间带的行进速度，而其他动力装置又没有办法在时间循环中使用，只有纯靠双腿有可以达到很高速的自行车可以在环状时间带提供速度。

在Leap Bycycle装置中环状时间带被具象成一条公路。但是，时间具有自我修复的能力，在路上会有很多具象成其他车辆的障碍阻止时间飞跃的发生。

小心行事。


Dr. Nb found that the key to a time leap was the time loop.

By touching the time singularity, you can enter the time loop, but you can't easily escape in the time loop.

According to Dr. Nb's research, the time cycle actually has the same effect as the earth's rotation and revolution.

In the time loop, each cycle of the cycle itself constitutes a ring of time zones(ROTZ), while on the macroscopic scale , just like the revolution of the earth, many ROTZ around the time singularity also constitutes a closed loop.

Following the law of time cycle, walking in the time loop again and again can never break the cycle.

However, as the cycle of the rotation and revolution of the Earth is not exactly the same, it has formed a leap year, and the time cycle has such a problem.

In the original time cycle, the six ROTZ just formed a complete time cycle. 

However, if a ROTZ is punched out at a faster rate than the cycle of a single ROTZ, a time crack can be obtained between the two time zones.

In the time crack, you are frozen between the two time zones until they are closed. 

Time also does not pass until they close, which means that the time gap between the two ROTZ is outside of time.

There is no time flow outside of time, so the speed will stay here.

When a complete time loop is over, all previously accumulated speeds can be accumulated without a time scale. 

The accumulated speed will be released once when the next time loop begins.

According to the theory of Dr. Nb, when the accumulated speed exceeds the time escape speed, it can break through the time loop back to the normal time line.

At the same time, the difference between the accumulated speed and the time escape speed will change to the backtracking on the normal timeline. In other words, it is to go back to the past and achieve a leap in time.

Leap Bycycle is a device invented by Dr. Nb for breaking the ROTZ. 

It is difficult to exceed the travel speed of the ROTZ by human running speed, and other power devices have no way to use it in the time cycle. 

Only bicycles that powered only by legs and can provide enough speed in the ROTZ.

In the Leap Bycycle device, the annular time zone is represented as a road. 

However, time has the ability to repair itself, and there are many obstacles（like other bikes） on the road to prevent the time leap.

Be careful.